As my fiancé
And you will soon be my family
You didn't even ask.
One hit me
A parent who humiliated me
Is this the upbringing of your Gao family?
Humph
What proof do you have that it's not you on this video?
Then what evidence do you have to prove that it is me?
If I had done such a thing
How could I not know myself?
I know you don't like it.
Lamb and I are truly in love
This video
Is it because you don't want me to be together?
So deliberately created a bunch of nonsense
Today is our Gao family relative
How could we possibly do such a thing?
You little girl has a smart tongue
Could this have really happened?
I want to give my mother dirty blood bubbles
If you have done such a thing
My whole family has to die
What about you?
Can you swear?
Did you say you didn't create this video?
Crazy
You said the video was fake
that system
Whoever made the video will know you have a mole on your chest
Oh?
Sure enough, it was you who realized everyone
He actually took a poisonous oath on the whole family
You're just a snake in the heart
Pigs and dogs are inferior
Your parents don't know how to discipline you
Let me discipline you today